# CS210
Corner Grocer Project
This is an item-tracking project that takes input from a text file and converts it through Python and C++ to generate a daily tally fo items sold. With this program, users can see their daily sales totals of items. It can be used to see daily sales of a particular item or to see the total of all items sold that day. I implemented the code to calculate a menu with options for daily count, specific item count, and a histogram count. All counts include a grand total and different screen colors. Warning and error screens are displayed in red to trigger the user to pay attention. I also implemented loops throughout the code for incorrect inputs, as well as missing items. The code could be enhanced to accept user input for items sold throughout the day or tying in with the POS software to update the txt file when items are sold. This  would allow for a more accurate count at the end of the day. The most challenging part of the code to write was menu option 2, which looks for a specific item. For some reason, I could get it to search for but not output the results. After researching gitHub and reaching out to others in a Computer Science chat, I discovered I had simply placed an output line in the wrong place so it wasn't being read before the program finished running. I will be adding GitHub and Stackoverflow to my resources, as well as reaching out to others within the same field when needed. The capability to integrate Python into C++ was extremely valuable and will lead me to integrate other languages in the future. This allows for a higher security and easier programming interface than using just one programming language. I left comments throughout the code for each step so they may be manipulated and updated as needed. I also created an easy to follow setup and implemented all of my Python functions into a C++ function that was called in main().
